alec baldwin was here last night yes and
he does an imitation of he plays Donald
Trump on Saturday Night Live have you
seen him do that I know you've not seen
okay so I happen to speak to Will
Ferrell on the phone today just happen
to chat with him and he said to Center
Robin a few names and stuff yeah but he
did you very famously ah yes yeah yeah
well I'm gonna hear something terrible
yeah so I had dinner with Lorne Michaels
the head of Saturday Night Live and I
said he said I put a great speech writer
on you and he came up with the strategic
and I said wait a minute I said
strategic and he said no you didn't say
sorry I said I damn sure says trapeze
he said we invented so well let me ask
you this did he come up with
misunderestimate
you hold a royalty payment yeah
did that ever bother you know any of
these guys that imitated you did ever
bother you not know who does the best
imitation of you a guy who's now dead oh
really yeah
sadly Steve bridges did you have
anything to do with his death haha I
know it got name bridges he was very
very funny okay OH Steve britches
alright no no I don't yeah google it you
go I will google that one yeah so I did
a White House Correspondents Dinner and
bridges and I came out together and I
would say something and then bridges
would say you know it kind of this is
what he really meant I see I got you
very funny
did you enjoy doing those White House
Correspondents there yeah yeah I I had a
bad work with a guy named Landon parven
who's very funny guy and I love humor
right sure and the best humor is when
you make fun of yourself uh well tell
that to the president
yeah
you and you were when you were president
of the United States did you watch
television was that part of your day I
only watched this guy Kimmel no no he
never did real yeah that's something
that you enjoy television in general or
is real you were too busy to do it yeah
both yeah
well I think that's good you probably
shouldn't be watching television when
you're the president yeah a lot to do
yeah there is he there's plenty to do do
you have much free time at all when
you're president if you make it it
depends I exercised every day uh-huh and
I started tell the schedulers I want an
hour every day but you have to set
priorities and live by him and but not
much free time funny cuz I'd be the
first thing I cut out I'd be like well
no I'm not exercising for at least eight
years that's not gonna happen
do you pay attention to pop culture no
no not at all
so do you don't know that Beyonce is
pregnant no do you know who Beyonce's
husband is no do you know Beyonce yes
yes okay you do know Beyonce she she's
from Houston Yeah right okay um do you
know for instance do you know who won
the Academy Award for Best Picture cuz
we don't have the envelope
did you see that moment for the wedding
replay I actually watched I'm gonna
pander I thought you're you're opening
was damn good
oh thank you very much oh you watch that
okay I watched the opening okay I got
you and I saw replays of the mold oppa
when you see that because you were
involved in many notable faux pas switch
job we we had a lot of fun with I'm you
know you're opening accomplished or
there was mission accomplished that was
a big one yeah do you take pleasure or
do you feel sorry for so sorry for for
yeah and that's it you a kind of feel
sorry for you you looked a little lost
I get that a lot
Pricewaterhouse did it yeah this is the
book that's called portraits of coverage
President Bush is here do you love
clicking buttons and subscribing to
things then click the button to
subscribe to my channel and you'll
finally be happy